# P2_PM

This is Project 2 where I write Command-Line Tool. Here I take some creative freedom and do what is best for my learning and future success (after all isn't that what this class, and all of MIDS is about). Just learning how to write a python script that can be ran on the command line and take an argument/input in real time without having to open the file (incredible!). I thought a lot about the limitations of bash scripting (and the complexity needed to do something simple in python), as well as the wonderful demonstrations that other classmates were working on and realized that none of those things were practical or meaningful for anything that I would do. In other words, if I did bash scripting to create a CLI, I would end up never using it and that would defeat the point of learning anything. This project demonstrates performance of "useful data preparation task". In my line of work I would never sort, clean, or truncate data from the command line. I would however grab summary statistics. 

Here I create a .py file that is run on the command line. It takes an arguement follow it "describe.py random_data.csv" and it spits out the number of rows and columns, as well as summary statistics for all numeric columns.

This can be super useful and save lots of times over many iterations as I will always be having to grab summary statistics from data files. Anything more complex than this and it probably wouldn't be feasible or even work in the long run (it follows the microservice philosophy of doing one thing and doing it well). I thought a lot aboThus, this project successfully and fully satisfies the point of assigning project 2! (:

EDIT: I decided to try my hand at the bash language itself althought it seems silly to write it in bash if python is available. Cheers.
